[__] it I'm sketching skipping Cajun
almost definitely
guys
what the [__] is going on here oh why
does this always bug out this has been
like this must have been like this for
like a super long time you got to keep
your eyes on this [__]
all right all right all right
um
bro
it doesn't actually search repos but it
searches the [__]
this is so awful
awful
this could tell them
um
okay hold on what about this
your methods for callable object
what about this
um
[__]
Damon mode
so what things are if you're running the
code for
so
okay what whatever
um
uh
whatever
okay
now we get
how did did that okay hold on all right
fine
um
yeah okay fine so now
why the heck doesn't
that code expert
okay
um
dinner eight some API calls that
to this
question
here
I just like want to download the source
and have it like like
get up to speed on the context of
the higher level interacting
software grain boundaries
right like it should just read all the
issues and like synthesize that
information
okay whatever uh
made it up parts uh at code string of
them or actually no uh definition
string m one okay cool so now we can say
e of m s
e of
um what the [__]
this function just doesn't work right
foreign
this is not that helpful it just needs
to be smarter to like smarter than me
because I'm a dumbass
um
I forgot what I was gonna do
how do you do this what the [__]
oh my gosh dude
all right now I went for a run I feel
okay
I don't feel great
um
I mean this is so annoying
how many are there
now okay
um we want to check if uh
how do you check if a method has a doc
string
we actually should do the thing where we
just like take all the Julia docs for
every version
that's a fun project actually like I
don't hate that project it's a pretty
decent scope
let's see is that true
I feel like this
already exists
Jesus
oh jeez I am so [__]
tight
I I
um
uh
right
oh the dog call yeah that didn't look
right okay
wait
uh
what is it is it yes Dash Thurber okay I
thought I was going crazy Turbo
all right wait what
this looks like trash I don't I don't
want to use any of this
I know writing on my cut myself just
this one don't need that
I I
fine so
um
I don't know what that means
wait what
all right
um
uh
I need to fix this [__] nonsense
um
okay I actually don't care
right
I mean they should just always do it
with environment variables it seems like
the cleanest way to just use multiple
languages just always get the
environment variable well it's just
[__] hard code it right now to 32k
although I still want to test if
switching it works
um but this is what there's this [__]
deep copy problem
foreign
okay
um
bro let's stay focused I just want to
[__] do this it's not so
all right
uh
I really don't want to debug this
uh I just don't even care
so
like
like this thing should just like I know
exactly what I want to do it's just so
[__]
coming off dude I should I should do
like an eye tracking thing
I should definitely do eye track because
I record myself all the time
um
like what what in Gods
Graces is going on
uh
like that is the code
whatever
oh yeah
okay that's fine
um let's just try this as a
um
why am I even hung up on this stupid
[__] here
there's a couple of things I want to do
God I want plugins so bad
has anyone done like a lang chain GitHub
agent
but I feel like the plug-in thing is
I just wanted to like
I don't know I I'm I still want to like
try this out
failed
okay let's get back to the [__]
tasket
what's going on here
iterating nothing
um
but yeah actually what am I doing
I thought that was a heart for a second
all right cool
fine so I'm down to just like get past
this because I don't really give a [__]
about all of these honestly
it's probably good that they're not here
2000 let me get some of the [__] out
I get a tuple back
or no actually
yeah and again okay
so which one which is one that has
um
Mark Denton uh
that work no
all of them have ducks
um
okay we really got to implement this
streaming thing because this is
otherwise
all right that was fine so I want to
finish all of these dude
what the heck doesn't code expert work
yeah that's a great question
uh yeah if I use gpt2s
bye
like recursively generating
recursively summarizing
uh uh large
queries
I can go about it as a dumb way and just
like manually gather the data I really
don't care
um
no no no no
like find all of a bit Vector kind of
makes sense though right
the problem here is what
I don't know dude
so we should be using get doc
um
that also like there's so many Jank
things dude I hate this
for the formatting is just [__]
I think that works actually
[__] me
I'm a [__] bro
foreign
nothing
okay Jesus Christ I don't know what the
[__] is going on but that [__] is really
annoying
these are the only ones that don't have
dogs bro
what do we do now
uh
okay it's not [__] fine
so we take all the methods and the
method strings
we want to [__]
I mean really we want to know which
methods are the most important so then
we have to like run everything
laughs
um
okay
dude I wonder what the scaling for video
is man like I want to know the scaling
laws for videos and like explicit
dynamics of like
the compression and [__] that's crazy
all right so we have
okay okay I'm getting my bearings
just a little just a little
just a little on
all right so these are all the ones that
don't have dock strings
uh
it literally is any the resolver I mean
like
is it not function
uh
really
find all
yeah I don't think that does what I
think it does
what are these
okay fine yeah it's all this random [__]
um
yeah
doesn't have a dark string and
can you do this
it's really annoying
just the ergonomics of programming in
general is so slow to like what I can
actually
do
um
fine but that's that's actually what I
wanted
to do
or yeah but I want to do this one
so these are all the functions
I feel like this is just not gonna be a
good
results really
but but fine let's just do it now we uh
yeah after the symbols
we want to inspect the methods of
totally
well
for
reversing the
for for
NF
method for
personally expert
um
if we see a call
call
um
F in
FS
we
add an edge from
f
we add
[Music]
um
yeah okay fine
let's just see like
how much are we in tune here
let's give it actually
let's give it all this
help
dude what the [__] is going on here
um
I didn't tell it how to uh
yeah so now now I just want to say
like
learn
code tracking
and
um
yeah and Cat lab graph
uh let's see if it like
does it
I feel like this is not
I mean we actually want to tally them
though
that's fine
it's pretty good
I didn't even show it that stuff that's
good
it seems I don't actually uh
you know how it knows that
all right let's see it
I feel like it's just not gonna work
what was that
um
all right so this gives us yes let me
just do this
I feel like this is really annoying
um
foreign
let's just do it manually
there's so much stuff I want to play
with and just build how it feel like
um
is it too long
I'm so bad at the expression [__]
but fine let's just
uh
nude labels
and then the edges is going to be
add an edge
oh wait we need the experts though
um
the problem is
yeah
map
e
nice
yeah we have on this [__] up
what the [__] are we talking about here
oh it has no definition yeah wait hold
on didn't it write something for me
it knew but the
nothing right
where was that
it was this one
Okay so
I think that should be okay
oh
so this is a vekavec so let me just keep
track of my types here oh we should
totally embed the [__]
uh
to do do Cthulhu needs to be integrated
so tightly into this thing
there's no way this is taking that long
actually
this is kind of cool
okay see I just manually did that banal
bro crazy
um
okay please really
sweet
wait no what
the deck of deck of expert that's nice
I wish you just [__]
did that with me
like the way that I want to use Julia is
just to have like cthu like
yeah just put the types in there man
that would be amazing
okay so X's
so wait so KS length and all right cool
so I don't know what the problem was
so the X's are
or um
oh no what
oh [__]
okay so our keys are actually going to
be
um
oh man
I actually want to do that like
that what makes working with [__] like
uh
nice so it's gonna be videos right
what the [__] is going on here oh
what could possibly go wrong with this
nice
nice what the [__] is going on here
oh yeah
cool
um
put that in my startup bro
okay fine now we have the edges and we
have the X's
it's actually that
so for x's in
[Music]
um
tally X
and basically what that means is
pass around the graph I guess
making code is so lame dude
okay
foreign
yeah it's just like a random weird graph
and it's like a [__] whatever but
um
low-key and interesting nonetheless this
so
and so I'm thinking of instead
of doing this
just get the string and do a curse in or
count
yeah dude yeah exactly but this is an
instance of me needing to be like
clever when it should have told me like
hey realistic this is like fine
instead of traversing the function
definition expert
can
um
right
F of
s X's that
tally back which is just gonna be like
okay
that's pretty good
so instead of
e
e 2
that actually does this
what that's probably gonna video
going going embarrassing with it
all right it's okay
but I think I don't use that one
no definitely not dude how did it get so
much slower
foreign
I think it's because this is gonna fail
because
string symbol comparison
oh no okay so we're good
mostly macros and types yeah those
that's right so
interesting
playing with that tally thing should be
fine
um
Sally counts
uh
fine
um
what is it KS
it's gonna give me a simple problem yeah
yeah this is what you get
occursion
foreign
char
no no this is going to be s
and
chaos are these which are
I don't think that that's uh
why is that wrong
oh [__] damn
dude did you just write this like what
no
hold on dude what
they should just know that I'm doing
Julia oh God
oh they don't give me 32k
very nothing works and nothing works
so annoying
why is life so tough
it's gonna be the exact same
I don't think that's right
wait wait what the
okay yeah I'm fine with that that's
chill
cool
um
so this gives us the which edges to add
except
we could actually just do that yeah
I'm fine with that
all right none of this [__] matters
anymore
I always forget dude okay that works
right right wait no that should be fine
okay
string yeah
or x's and actually
um
I don't care
okay
I forgot how do you do it
um
where's the graph [__]
I don't know why I need all these
[__] things
cringe okay
[__] it you know
foreign
yeah cool
that's not bad
uh Envy
giggler's length X's
X's
okay that's pretty easy
yeah so uh
I don't think that'll work
you just have to know
uh yeah actually what we want to do is
just um for
in one to one I think
add Ed from X to
B
I think it's actually going to be
G one two string this will fail but will
this fail I think that's fine
I don't think you need the name of
but who knows what Julia
uh
uh that's not right
it's this one
from
excuse me from
this is a
I'm pretty sure this will fail just
because for one of these this thing is
not
a thing
I should probably just steal it
I don't I have an ad ledge
I might add cat lab to my [__]
startup dude because this whenever I
want to do a graph
is that crazy that might be crazy
um
I just want to search all my [__] where
is AD ledge
oh my God that's so annoying
it's never gonna get it what did I write
that for
what do we want
all right let's uh let's go for it
yeah that makes sense okay
how did we
oh what the [__] was that
what yo
I actually have no idea what just
happened there
okay fine
let's run this one
this is done
right so what I want to be able to do is
simply add
ledge
of
a
X
but I'm not evaluating any code
how did this happen
this was the thing
that's interesting
okay fine
that's okay
hmm
injectively violated meaning
bro
great
that's okay
beautiful
and now
uh
what the [__] join
B
right
we need the methods
oh yeah yeah join B yeah
yeah that's good
wait that's not Ray
put my freaking out right now the [__]
it sucks that that doesn't work
did actually make ad explain yeah
good
um
add edge from
uh
yeah
no because of [__] G bro okay
foreign
yes
um
uh
what is it called
cool
um
I mean that does what I think it does
all right cool so I think that's it
but is X I'm pretty sure it's not
but it would have failed
no it is that it is that
oh because I'm literally a [__]
foreign
oh nice
so now what we want to do is find the
most people referring
to it so we want to sort by the
out degree
I mean the in degree sorry
rat
bro is that a thing
rat okay I mean I should have guessed it
was for a rational thing but do
[__] 350 people really call it
what are the uh what are the energies
uh
um
nice
this is a good expression
it would be nice to go from method to
Method but
um why is there so much [__] about
rat you know what the substring method
obviously
is broken this is busted I don't know
what I was thinking I'm really [__]
dumb
baby
can I do the two graphics on this thing
oh god oh it's because I broke
everything right like this isn't gonna
work
or it works but like because of that
redefinition thing I think
whatever
foreign
I mean this is just this is just insane
it's because I broke everything bro
who the hell knows
the last of the employee that's a crazy
tag bro this guy's nuts
what did he do
use the web GPU right
pretty sick
this is pretty stupid man
[__]
is there a way to do that
is this a graph
it's a view
oh yeah okay sure I'm okay with that
this is fun
it's actually complete nonsense it's
literally nonsense but it's sick
this is still broken
hmm
what
wait really it was the whole thing
wait really
there's fewer edges okay wait what if I
just do this
oh
where's the sword L thing
compile it's a good word this is like so
goofy
it really doesn't make any sense
um
uh
so dumb
I should be able to draw that right
that's the whole thing
whoa
if this opens an edge I'm going to be
pissed thank God
this is so [__] random
I don't know what the [__] this is about
but it's fun
all right so we need to start looking at
these [__] functions though what are
what are all of these
[Music]
um
never seen that before
just keep this [__] here
um
typed H and V cap
what if you just sort by Method count
this has Docs
the [__] does it do
we can use our tools
what model are we on
dude come on
just slow if I implement this if we
implement the streaming stuff it would
be
hmm
HW number
okay I find that's definitely not right
um
I mean does anyone actually care though
like that's that's what I'm kind of
wondering like
foreign
according to itself
what
uh we gotta avoid built-ins
okay
um
I want to try this [__]
I went to smart enough to feel like no
delivery though
foreign
okay
is that a real thing
what is all that
okay
foreign
which is the best one
but you don't need it
foreign
nothing really that cool
welcome to Sea sales Hot Topics in
Computing series and today I am
delighted to introduce our special guest
Sebastian abubak who's coming to us from
Microsoft I'm Sebastian received a
bachelor's degree from economics and the
PhD from the University of India he was
a professor at Princeton for three years
between 2011 and 2014. now before he
joined Microsoft and so since 2014
Sebastian it has been at Microsoft and
written by Black Box they deserve all
the credit for creating this really
marvelous tool that is really extra
second point which is important is that
the experiment that we did they were on
the third version of the model so that
means everything one of them is
a community model version so version we
had access to was not Community model it
was taxed into 20. okay more importantly
they made further you know uh
modification to the to the um after we
experimented with it and due to this
problem
that you get if you try some of the
components I will show you is they
really deeper okay in particular you
might get less good answers than what I
will show you the reason is because they
fine tune further for safety and these
things that are killing in there they're
the model and they first you know kind
of dumped it down in some way so that it
becomes safer okay so that's that's an
important now for any scientist in the
room you might be right okay so that
means that we're not going to be able to
reproduce what you're telling us and yes
okay that being said I don't think that
reproducibility is such a big issue and
the reason is because I'm not going to
do any quantitative number whatsoever
there won't be a single Benchmark in my
presentation this is about why that you
jump okay not ten percent increase on
this benchmarks it's something else okay
what I want to try to convince you of is
that there is some intelligence in the
system but I think it's time that we
call it an intelligent you know system
and we're gonna discussion at the end of
the day there's another presentation
it's not a clean cut whether this is
now you know as I you know say those
words
about this type of argument that you
know I see a lot of different type of
things
it's just statistics
is not about debunking all of those uh
claims but still I want to say really
you know Beware of the three-dimensional
space it's something which is very very
helpful
representation of the world and act on
it as you know the processing progresses
through the layers and through the
sentence
saying here you know maybe just two
sentences to kind of help you think
about this is that it could vary from my
perspective we shouldn't think about
those networks I'm learning in a single
concept like you know friends it's doing
much more like learning operators it's
learning algorithm so inside it you know
it's not just retrieving information it
has been internal representation that
allows you to reproduce the data that it
has seen 16 feet okay so really you
shouldn't think about the Spartan
matching and just trying to put in the
next World yes it was trained just to
produce the next word that's what
emerged out of this is a lot more than
just you know statistics object so I
think you know learning algorithms and
you don't really have the tools in my
opinion in learning theory to think
about this type of learning it doesn't
seem very very different from what we're
usually you know fantastic to think
about it but this is not response of
this presentation you know uh that's not
what I want to do yeah okay so at this
point you know many of you are bringing
with this uh question in your mind
they don't understand your word you know
their only experience reality through
text of the internet they don't know
what it feels like uh okay so let's try
you know what we're going to do is
on the internet to really try to go
beyond memorization okay so here's a
simple question before I have a book
this is
who the [__] cares yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
what the [__] where's my phone at
me
[Music]
okay
are you alive please
all right well I'm at my office so then
do you want to hang out
all right
I'm at the office I didn't go to that
thing
I didn't go to the kitchen
oh I figured you just picked me up
okay
all right
let's say bye
hmm
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
everything
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
laughs
[Music]
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
laughs
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
awesome
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
this one clients
thank you
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
[Applause]
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
[Laughter]
[Music]
thank you
not even foreign
[Music]
so as you might know Wizards like myself
instructions
universities
different ways
it's not very impressive right
is predictions
[Music]
foreign
advantages
decisions
something else
services
[Music]
thank you
did this guy make such good content
this video was supposed to be about the
ninth quantity ideas
[Music]
what is up with this
dude I'm absolutely not using Bing
enough
okay
I don't know that seemed kind of uh
wrong
it says
[Music]
different ideas
foreign
[Music]
this year
foreign
challenging questions
[Music]
foreign
advantages
[Music]
those are pretty sick though
the development of near foreign
applications
organizations
with videos
changes
hmm
perhaps server guys don't make it like
last time I don't want any cheating you
heard that Ben I was using a texture
pack which is part of the game therefore
I was not cheating oh sure you were
how the [__] do you not know how to make
a furnace Joe how the [__] do you
already have full metal right the world
is five minutes old are you cheating
screen share this instant Joe
um
guys I'm not cheating what a noob ban
this cheater immediately
hey Ben don't tell anyone but I found a
duplication glitch oh for real guess
what hey guys did you know Biden found a
duplication glitch you're what no way we
have another cheater no I didn't he's
lying oh yeah check his chest well Joe
you know we have to check we won't find
anything all right I'm at his house let
me check Joe you better have nothing
cheating oh I just found four stacks of
netherrike blocks on
Joe you know
you know the payback for killing
for killing sorry Joe you know how it
goes well it was fun while it lasted hi
gang y'all try
okay I'm hopping in the blue
I will commence playback of a Coldplay
instruments what is this guy's Wi-Fi
would grow you're talking like an eye oh
whoa okay
East Jones
makes the world so close
you got the vaccination yeah are you are
you okay I mean you see no it works or
you you know or or the mom and dad or or
or or or or or or the neighbor or when
you go to church or when you're no I I
really mean it they're trust it in our
lockers think of the people you if your
kid wanted to find out whether or not
there were
you know something or you know or
whether those aliens are here or not
what the [__] is [__] is he talking
about
you got the vaccination yeah yeah are
you are you okay I mean you see no it
works or you know or or the mom and dad
or or or or or or or the neighbor or
when you go to church or when you're no
no I I really mean it or trust it in a
locker who's thanking the people if if
your kid wanted to find out
whether or not there were there's a man
on the moon or whatever you know
something or you know well whether those
aliens are here or not
go to vaccination
I I how long do I have to commit to a
therapist for you
[Music]
before
foreign
[Music]
just pick it up I'm scared pick up the
goddamn phone fine hello Joe oh god
let's build a [__] rocket I'm not
funding your rocket Elon what's so bad
about funding his rocket is it [__] he
hasn't even seen my rocket you haven't
even looked at his rocket I don't want
to look at his rocket bro he just wants
you to fund his rocket you guys are
making it sound weird as far check it
out first you guys are making teams all
interested in this rocket let me just
send you a picture okay fine what's your
snap nope I'm out
he's calling me
dude
okay
well thank you
he was the low-res call
I mean that in
sane and this certainly qualifies made
out of several flat panels as you can
see I counted 12 total flat panels they
tell me it's polycarbonate and all of
the panels that you see on the outside
are see-through so the entire vehicle is
basically we listen when you're on the
inside you can easily see out although
being on the outside it's difficult to
see in there are no doors to this
vehicle there's no windows that roll
down you climb in the only way to get
inside is the key fob press the button
and everything lifts up which gives you
access to the interior that that turns
on the lights if you activate that a
headlight bar turns on in the front and
at the same time a cam
front end
this is insane
is this vehicle
the low res
[Music]
anything turn it into an orchestra
foreign
yes hello it's not spooky Lake month
right now but California is being
haunted by The Phantom of a long lost
lake that is slowly being brought back
from the dead and we get to talk about
it
neurosurgeon what she said next
right now no cheating I'm tired of
seeing all these super RGB setups I want
to see the reality I want to see when
your desk really looks like right now
show me the way your desk setup looks
right now no cheating I'm tired of
seeing all these super RGB setups I want
to see the reality I want to see what
your desk really looks like right now
tell me the way your desk setup looks
right now
[Music]
we're looking at about 2200 Acres of
restoration between the four reservoirs
careful
hey look at this oh my God
he still can't guard me
he's abound
oh my God
he still can't guard me
he's a bum
what's an 86.
yes oh my God
he still can't guard me
it's challenging
duplicate this product you can make
money off the product
because look at Gaga she's the creative
director of Polaroid
I like some of the Gaga songs what the
[__] does she know about cameras you can
you communicate this product you can
make money off the product
because look at Gaga she's the creative
director of Polaroid
yeah yeah
you go did you go potty I did
how come because I murdered a poop in my
pants you pooped in your pants yeah
there's poop in there yeah okay we need
to go tell mama no why not because
I'd like to stay in here are you gonna
be in trouble yeah yeah you're not
supposed to poop in your hands are you
no okay why did you because I wanted to
okay well we gotta go tell Mom now
because it's smelling I can smell it
yeah
yeah that's kind of monkey that's kind
of yucky it's really yucky okay let's go
tell mom no I'm gonna go tell her okay
okay
I'll be back okay don't move okay
okay you go did you go potty I did
how come because
you pooped in your pants yeah there's
poop in there
sometimes when I go to the bathroom and
I come back and I put plinky out my
viewership goes up 30 to 50 viewers when
there was a plank of wood here and then
the second thing all right the stock and
bond market are getting absolutely
torched this morning I'm on the New York
Stock Exchange here's what's going on
this morning we had inflation data now
it wasn't consumer inflation it was
producer inflation so this is what
businesses are paying on their input
costs
expected to come in at point four
percent and it came in at point seven
percent saying inflation is sticking and
we're here to stay than what the head
Market had expected in the past and
therefore both the stocks and balances
are getting
Cousin It puts the FED in the corner and
the FED is going to have to raise rates
more quickly than what the local had
previously expected stocks and bonds
don't like the way that looks that's why
the Market's trading the way it is today
analog lab
exactly you know how to [__] wash
your ass put your whole [__] finger
inside your [__] and you [__]
twirl it around and everything and you
wash your ass like that it feels like
you're [__] playing with your [__]
but you really
not so let me tell you something about
getting
so I'm washing my ass
and I'm watching it very fast
that's my [__]
no you're laughing but I was
I really wanted to cry that's when you
know how to [__]
oh
all right I don't know what the [__] I'm
doing now I'm just chilling I guess
I'm gonna eat more animals
laughs
[Music]
what the [__]
grabber
all right from what I heard you and Joey
got into a little fight and I'll be
damned to see you guys not rekindle your
friendship
I'm going to invite invite Joey to the
party and then I want you to apologize
to him for being a little meany why the
[__] am I apologizing Joe is the one who
wanted to fight me in the first place
trust me Donnie this will all work out
in the end and you can be friends again
with Joey
don't ever [__] call me Donny ever
again
hey Drake what's up hey Joey Donald here
has something to say to you huh all
right Joe I'm sorry for calling you
names
thank you Donald
I'm sorry too for asking you to fight me
look at you cutie patootie's making up
it's so adorable
the [__] up Drake
well Joe can I tell you something
what's up
that I'm not sorry you're still an old
wrinkled up sad man and you only have a
face a mother can love sleepy Joe you
know I'm bringing you all the progress
in general
that's right you can now generate a
fully 360 degree environment in just
seconds with a simple text prompt this
is an alpha of Skybox blockade labs and
you 've tried out today you're here what
Tokyo Alley markets at night here was
the output and now you may start to
understand where this is all going right
today you can use these as VR
environments we
have grounds for your content Etc but
these are the Nations dude what the [__]
foreign
digital painting
is a mouthful of boxed by blocking labs
and you can try it out today here's what
I generated I type
I type Tokyo Alley markets at night here
was the output and now you may start to
understand
right today you can use these as VR
environments 360
Euro these
are coming
text to game bro
you might notice that it sound like
Kanye West no easy didn't record a
voiceover for me for this video I didn't
learn how to do Impressions this is AI
so let me come back to my original voice
today on metaverse I posted AI Kanye
covering popular song here's an example
you might notice that I sound like Kanye
West no easy didn't record a voiceover
for me for this video I didn't learn how
to do Impressions this is AI so let me
come back to my original voice today on
metaverse I posted AI Kanye hovering
popular song here's an example of him
singing day
AI voice cloning technology is becoming
alarming
not as an expert
but as a concerned citizen
one of the 400 000 people who marched in
the streets of New York on Sunday
and the billions of others around the
world who want to solve our climate
crisis as an actor
characters
solving fiction
believe that man
has looked at climate change in that
same way nailed it as if the word
fiction
pretending that climate change wasn't
real
real somehow make it go away
but I think we all know better than that
now yeah it's getting wild and this is a
demo from 11 Labs which is the best
voice synthesizer on the planet you can
go clone your voice today I made a video
on how to do that I also made a video on
what to look out for I actually like the
coke Queen one because we're officially
live D here
others others look at this and they and
they see dystopia but um I think this is
beautiful
you know I think it's just essentially
like taking a picture of videos just
more immersive allowing you to really
feel and remember your memories this is
unbelievable let me know what you think
in the comments I gotta hear your
thoughts and for everything emerging
Tech follow me I'll keep you updated
we're officially living in short form
video content is still King but I think
that
let me explain so a few months back I
decided to go all in short form video
tonight but not only because platforms
are pushing it but because the same clip
can be posted across several different
platforms at once and that repurposing
helps the scale what I'm seeing is that
a shift is going to be happening this
year Instagram just got rid of the reels
bonus and they're beginning to
re-prioritize photo and Carousel content
Tick Tock is now pushing longer content
and they're putting more weight on a
minute plus long videos we've seen the
data on YouTube that while creators are
getting their views and Impressions
drastically up through shorts their
watch time and revenue of actually
why well mostly it's harder for these
platforms to make money like who's gonna
watch a 30 second ad for a 15 second
short A and B that ever important
relationship with your audience you know
that building of community isn't as
robust to quit
to Quicken out short form video content
is obviously not going anywhere but I
think 2023 There's an opportunity to
really reshift focus on long form
through the end of this year and into
2020. AI ruining art you know I'm
bringing you all the progress in
generative AI so mean text to 3D World
can already change any video I want